In the Revelo Page, Let's make following changes:
1. In the Revelo Page, we have child navbar for revelo menu. (when you click these sub menus, you have to move to that page (new url for each sub menus)). This sub navbar is just clickable menus not formal navbar style
 - Dashboard
 - Accounts
 - Jobs
 - Tasks
 2. I will explain about each pages and their architectual structure.
  You have to design DB structure and backend and frontend all.
  - Dashboard
    Analytics about the accounts, jobs, tasks with value and graph. (first, do your best with your own ideas, I will add my detailed ideas later)
  - Accounts
    In this page, you can CRUD accounts.
    In terms of accounts, I will explain about the account's fields:
     Name, Nationality, Created_date, Proxy Detail, Attached Jobs
    You can CRUD multiple accounts and only accounts created by you are visible.
  - Jobs
    In this page, you can CRUD multiple Revelo Jobs.
    Others created Jobs are also visible. This means others can use the jobs created by you.
    The job creator has the ownership of that job edit.
    The others can edit some details of the job and send edit request to the job owner. But still cannot edit job detail until the job owner accept that edit request.
    The all users can use this jobs as their jobs in their tasks and accounts.
    In terms of jobs, I will explain about the job's fields:
     Job Name, Job Max Duration, Job Max Payable time, Job expected time, Hourly Rate, Job Description, Leaders, Assets, Long-Short Term, Learning Curve yes / no, Created_at, Status

  - Tasks
    This is the most important part
    Task is one unit of Jobs of a specific accounts in revelo.
    So when you create a task, you have to select a account and select a job.
    For the view of tasks, let's use table (very well structured table)
    I still have no specific ideas about comfortable UI / UX of creating tasks.
    You have to think about it because each user has many accounts and jobs.
    In terms of tasks, I will explain about the task's fields:
     account_id, job_id, start_date, status
     you have to get the related information from accounts table and jobs table for proper table view.
    You have to make search, filter, pagination, sort for this table.
    When you click table item, you can edit the task details.