In the Revelo Page, Let's make following changes:
1. I wanna make forum feature for each Revelo Jobs. In the job item, add "forum" icon button and you have to open forum modal for that job. This modal is very big modal. Any users can send message using a Rich Text Editor. Users can upload files too. Users can reply to any message of users and thumb up and down. And react with emojis. When I hover mouse on reactions and thumbs, I should be able to see the list of thumbs or list of reactions. The messages for a specific forum should come from server by lazy loading methods. The oldest one comes first. Lazy loading bundle size is 10 messages. And users can upload files and other users can download that files.
2. In the description editor, You should use minirich text editor.
3. In the Edit Job page, currently you are adding files in the bottom of dialog. But you have to make this feature on the right side bar of modal and uploaded files list also should be displayed on the right side bar of modal with box styles. When you display the files, based on the extension of files, you have to display the proper icons for each file types, You also have to show the file's uploaded datetime so that users can see the datetime of uploaded files.
3. In the Jobs list, the job items should include:
 - If the length of Job Description is too long, make short style of job description like ...
 - Make Job detail View icon button and when I click that button, you should display a fine modal for showing the job's detail wonderfully.