do you know about tree structure?
I wanna implement this feature to the revelo page's dashboard page.
Currently you shows the member's revelo status as card style and this is not perspective.
So I am gonna add Tree Structure Member View.
So IN the dashboard page of revelo page, you have toggle icon for card view and tree view.
When you choose card view, you display the current card view style dashboard.
When you choose the tree view, you display the tree view style dashboard.
In the tree view style, first of all, There's circle containing user's profile picture and user display name and username. On the right of that circle there are child circles containing the accounts information of that member. On the right of per accounts, there are circles for jobs linked to that accounts. On the right of per jobs there are summary circles (submitted tasks, approved tasks, rejected tasks). The summary circles should contain the number of tasks and money in the datetime range (this datetime range should be filtered on the top of entire treeview as we used in Task Balance detail panel). when we hover the mouse on the summary circles the detailed information should be displayed in the popover panel. The job circles should display the number of linked tasks and money (submitted tasks, approved tasks, rejected tasks) within datetime range and popover detail panel. The Accounts circles should display the number of number of jobs and money within datetime range and popover detail panel. The important thing is to display the tree view very well in visually and the three items should be linked via smooth curve lines. I will check how beautifully designed these lines. So this tree view should be perfect in performance and data handling but should be also great in visual and UI and effect.