Let's add editor menu in the revelo page.
I am gonna implement the vscode style task management UI for better UX.
This editor actually manage accounts, jobs, tasks.
Let me explain in more detail.
In the very left side bar, there's a list of memebers with at lesat 1 account. (this is similar to the vscode's very left sidebar)
If you are on a member, you can click that member. 

When you click right mouse button on the member if there's a option panel opens and you can select features. If you are on your member, you can see the Create New Account menu in the option panel. If you click the "Create New Account", you can create a new account (we already built this feature in the accounts tab of revelo page). A modal opens and you can create a new account.

When you left-click a member, the next left side bar appears. It's similar to the vscode's file explorer. First of all, the list of accounts of that member shows. 

When you left-click an account, it opens the child hierachy. This is similar to a folder in vscode. If there's any child jobs, when you left-click an account, it opens the child jobs list like the vscode.
This should be treeview like vscode. Once the child jobs list opened, when you click the account again, it collapse the child jobs. This is like toggle.

When you right-click an account, the option panel appears and if you are under your member, you can see the "edit account", "delete account", "add job" menu.

When you click "edit account" you can edit that account. This is already implemented in the current code. A modal opens and you can edit the account.
When you click "delete account" you can delete that account after confirmation.
When you click "add job", job add modal appears and you can select an existing job to add.

Once the jobs list appeared, you can see the jobs list and you can left and right click on the job item.
When you left-click a job item, the main content page (right side panel) appears and you can see the task content page and this is similar to the Task Balance page's right side panel. Here you can add and edit and delete tasks for several categories like Submitted and Approved and Rejected. This is same with the right panel of task balance page.
When you right-click a job item, the option panel appears and if you are under your member, you can see the "remove job from account" menu.

I will give you more requirements and for now, let's build above requirements
